Toraji, please forgive me.
Even if my parents thought you were a thief,
I can't just sit around and do nothing.
I heard your rumors and came here.
Please listen to me.
I was thinking of something like you when I was young.
I was raised by a man called Shunya.
He was raised by a man called Shunya.
Please, Toraji,
send me a good-for-nothing.
I'm sorry.
I understand.
I've been very rude.
I apologize to you and I'm going to leave today.
I see. You've done a good job.
I'm relieved.
I can go now.
Please listen to the priest's teachings.
You'll be a great priest.
Yes.
I'm a poor man who's been in the water for a long time.
I'm going to die before I die
Give me up, my现 listing face
And so she heard what I said.
The tears are for me
....
...
Nari
Thank you for watching!